<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="./namesTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:fc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comps">

    <ui:define name="content">
        
        <h2 class="heading">Introduction</h2>
        <p:panel  styleClass="para">
            Because the APS-U accelerators are moving into the fabrication/assembly/installation stage, 
            it is important for consistent naming conventions to be used throughout the project. 
            The intent of this application is to dictate the rules to be adhered to when naming devices in the storage ring. 
            These rules are generic in nature, and shall be applied in principle to the other machines as well. 
            It is essential that every component have a unique and, hopefully, easily recognizable name.
        </p:panel>
        <p:panel  styleClass="para">
            Every ASD and XFD group, except for magnets, must interface with the control system. 
            For this reason all device names were developed keeping in mind their actual function, 
            such as controlling or monitoring some device in the ring. 
            Even though magnets are not directly interfaced to the control system, their power supplies are; 
            therefore, a magnet will have the same name as its associated power supply.
        </p:panel>

        <p:panel style="border: none; text-align: center;" >
            <p:graphicImage value="resources/images/apsu-format.png" style="width: 60%;"/>    
        </p:panel>

        <h2 class="heading">Examples</h2>
        <ol>
            <li>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                Naming examples of APS-U lattice structure with magnet.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel style="border: none; text-align: center; " >
                    <p:graphicImage value="resources/images/apsu2-format.png"  style="width: 90%;"/>    
                </p:panel>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    Naming examples of APS-U lattice structure with vacuum and diagnostics.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel style="border: none; text-align: center;" >
                    <p:graphicImage value="resources/images/apsu3-format.png"  style="width: 100%;"/>   
                </p:panel>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    Naming examples of APS-U racks.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel style="border: none; text-align: center;" >
                    <p:graphicImage value="resources/images/apsu4-format.png"  style="width: 35%;"/>   
                </p:panel>
            </li>
        </ol>

        <h2 class="heading">Name Components</h2>
        <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left">  
            <f:facet name="header">  
                <p:row>  
                    <p:column>Naming Part</p:column>  
                    <p:column>Description</p:column>  
                    <p:column>Example</p:column>  
                    <p:column>Notes</p:column>  
                </p:row>  
            </f:facet> 
            <p:row>  
                <p:column>Psy</p:column>  
                <p:column>Primary system name</p:column>  
                <p:column>S</p:column>  
                <p:column>Storage Ring</p:column>  
            </p:row> 
            <p:row> 
                <p:column>NN</p:column>  
                <p:column>Instance of primary system</p:column>  
                <p:column>05</p:column>  
                <p:column>Sector 5</p:column>  
            </p:row> 
            <p:row> 
                <p:column>#</p:column>  
                <p:column>Upstream, Downstream Half of Sector</p:column>  
                <p:column>A, B</p:column>  
                <p:column>Could be BM, or ID for front end</p:column>  
            </p:row> 
            <p:row>  
                <p:column>DDDD</p:column>  
                <p:column>Component name</p:column>  
                <p:column>Q</p:column>  
                <p:column>Quadrupole</p:column>  
            </p:row> 
            <p:row>  
                <p:column>XX</p:column>  
                <p:column>Sub device name</p:column>  
                <p:column></p:column>  
                <p:column></p:column>  
            </p:row> 
            <p:row>  
                <p:column>nn</p:column>  
                <p:column>Instance of component</p:column>  
                <p:column>4</p:column>  
                <p:column>The 4th Quads in the sector</p:column>  
            </p:row> 
            <p:row>  
                <p:column>(TBD)</p:column>  
                <p:column>Place holder for the signal for signal name</p:column>  
                <p:column></p:column>  
                <p:column></p:column>  
            </p:row> 
        </p:panelGrid>

        <h2 class="heading">Rules</h2>
        <p:tabView>
            <p:tab title="General Rules">
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    The name of a device is read from left to right and divided into a number of "fields"; 
                    fields are separated from one another by "delimiters." 
                    Software engineers know immediately what this means but for those who don't, 
                    a field is just a piece of a name that can be extracted easily. 
                    For example, consider the name <b><i>S14A:Ql</i></b>. The first <b><i>S</i></b> is a letter field denoting the accelerator or major subsystem. 
                    The number  <b><i>14</i></b> denotes the sector number. Because it is a number and not a letter, it is easily recognized ("parsed") 
                    by the computer as a separate field distinguishable from the letter fields on either side of it (the <b><i>S</i></b> and the <b><i>A</i></b>). 
                    The <b><i>A</i></b> and <b><i>Q</i></b> are two different letter fields and they need a delimiter between them (the colon) 
                    to let the computer know that there really are two fields, and not just a single field containing two letters. The colon (<b><i>:</i></b>) 
                    is the official method for separating fields. A field can have many characters, but at this time the entire device name, 
                    including all the fields and delimiters, is limited to 28 characters. Therefore, emphasis should be placed on using short, concise device names.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    The above example shows a general rule for naming components at APS/APS-U, namely, as you move from left to right through a name, 
                    the level of detail becomes increasingly fine. The name S14A:Ql, for example, indicates Storage Ring, Sector 14, Subsector A, Quadrupole, Number 1, 
                    and is the name of both the magnet and power supply associated with that magnet. More detailed information is added on the right. 
                    For instance, S14A:Q1CURR might indicate the amount of current being run through the magnet coils.
                </p:panel>
            </p:tab>
            <p:tab title="Storage Ring Magnet and Power Supply">
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    The sector of official naming conventions for storage ring magnets begins just upstream of the first <b><i>HN</i></b> steering corrector 
                    located on Girder 1 and ends at the downstream end of the insertion device. Each sector is divided into two subsectors: A and B. 
                    Subsector A includes all components within the sector upstream of , and including, sextupole S4.  
                    Similarly, subsector B contains all downstream components within the sector. 
                    The bending magnet source and insertion device source in the same sector belong to the same CAT (Collaborative Access Team). 
                    Sector 1 contains the source points for beamlines BM l and ID 1. This means that the injection septum magnet is located near the end of sector 39.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    The magnets are numbered in sequence according to their distance from the nearest insert ion device. Although this means that all magnets 
                    in the B subsectors are numbered "backwards," it will make the machine easier to use once it is built because of the mirror symmetry about 
                    sextupole S4.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    There are five kinds of magnets (not counting insertion devices) in the ring; quadrupoles, skew quadrupoles, sextupoles, steering correctors, and dipoles. 
                    The steering corrector magnets each have two sets of coils and two power supplies, one each for horizontal and vertical orbit correction. 
                    This type of magnet is therefore stuck with two names, for example Sl4A:H2 and S14A:V2, for the same corrector. 
                    For the items in parentheses to be variable -- (n) really is just a number somewhere between 01 and 40. Similarly, (H,V) should be replaced by either H or V, not both. 
                    Incidentally, numbers less than ten will use a leading zero, e.g. use S07A:Q3, not S7A:Q3.
                </p:panel>
            </p:tab>
            
            <p:tab title="Girder and Vacuum System">
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    Certain pieces of hardware in the storage ring, such as girders, are completely divorced from the control system. 
                    When referring to girder assemblies for installation purposes, all that is required is the sector number and one additional number, 1 through 6. 
                    Therefore, the second girder in sector 14 will have the symbol 14-2 spray painted on its side. 
                    Similarly, the vacuum chamber sections are referred to by sector number (zero one through forty) and section number (one through six), 
                    again for installation purposes. 
                    This numbering is simple, useful for installation and maintenance purposes, and consistent with the magnet sector numbering scheme.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    The overall accelerator vacuum system, however, is monitored by the control system, 
                    and specific sensors should comply with the principles already set forward. 
                    Because the vacuum system has no mirror symmetry, the letters A and B are not useful and will not be required in the name. 
                    All storage ring vacuum components monitored or controlled by the APS/APS-U control system shall be of the form <b><i>S(n):XXX</i></b> 
                    where again (n) is replaced by the sector number. The symbol XXX is a field or fields giving more detail, e.g. representing a gauge, pump, or thermocouple.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    The sector demarcation described earlier is not detailed enough for the vacuum group. 
                    For vacuum purposes, the sector begins at the upstream flange of SRVC section 1. 
                    In particular, this means that the two gate valves located immediately upstream and downstream of insertion device n will both be located in sector n.
                </p:panel>
            </p:tab>

            <p:tab title="RF System">
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    The four storage ring RF systems have the distinction of being located in sectors 35; 36, 37, and 38. 
                    Rather than referring to them by their sector numbers, it is preferable to describe them as rf systems 1, 2, 3, and 4, 
                    with system 1 being furthest upstream.  
                    All RF system subcomponents will be referred to as <b><i>SRF1:XXX</i></b>, <b><i>SRF2:XXX</i></b>, etc., 
                    where XXX describes the subcomponent in more detail. For example, SRF2:FWD might refer to storage ring system 2 forward power.
                </p:panel>
            </p:tab>

            <p:tab title="Photon Beamline Components">
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    All photon source points are located in subsector B, so again the A and B contribute no new information. 
                    In order to easily distinguish between bending magnet and insertion device beamlines and still maintain the nomenclature philosophy, 
                    all beamline component names shall be of the form S(n)BM:XXX or S(n)ID:XXX, where BM and ID are used in place of A and B, 
                    and further detail is given by XXX. Recall that S l BM:XXX represents devices located on the first beamline encountered 
                    as one goes clockwise around the ring starting from the injection point.
                 </p:panel>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    Because there are vacuum components serving similar functions in both the accelerator vacuum system and the photon beamlines, 
                    it is important that the XXX portion of the name for these items be consistent between ASD and XFD. 
                    The ASD Controls Group will serve as the unifying entity, ensuring that nomenclature consistency is maintained 
                    throughout the facility and that every device has its own unique name.
                </p:panel>
            </p:tab>

            <p:tab title="Exceptions, Special Items">
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    There will always be items which are impossible to name in a totally consistent way. 
                    For example, the power supply driving the pulsed injection bumper magnets will be connected in series and span two adjacent sectors.  
                    These will have to be given special names on a case-by-case basis.
                </p:panel>
                <p:panel  styleClass="para">
                    Another item requiring special attention from the accelerator physics point of view is the naming of the drift spaces between magnets. 
                    The convent ion is that a drift space will be given the same name as the magnet immediately upstream, followed by the symbol L.
                </p:panel>
            </p:tab>
        </p:tabView>
        
        <h2 class="heading">Examples</h2>
        <p:tabView>
            <p:tab title="System">
                <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left">  
                    <f:facet name="header">  
                        <p:row>  
                            <p:column>Naming Part</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Description</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Requirements</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Assigned By</p:column>  
                        </p:row>  
                    </f:facet>  
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>S</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Storage Ring</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>B</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Booster Ring</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>SY</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Storage RF</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Not to be used for new PVs</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>P</p:column>  
                        <p:column>PAR</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>L</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Linac</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>Mt</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Master Timing</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>It</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Injector Timing</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>SRF</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Storage Ring RF</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>SRFB</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Storage Ring Feedback System</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>BTS</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Booster to Storage Ring</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>H2O</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Water System</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>IOC</p:column>  
                        <p:column>IOC Status</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>ACIS</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Access Control Interlock</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>FE</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Front End (XFD)</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>ID</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Insertion Device (XFD)</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>EPS</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Equipment protection System (XFD)</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>PA</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Personnel Safety System (XFD)</p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                        <p:column></p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                </p:panelGrid> 
            </p:tab>
            <p:tab title="Magnet Nomenclature">
                <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left; align: center;">  
                    <f:facet name="header">  
                        <p:row>  
                            <p:column>Symbol</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Description</p:column>  
                        </p:row>  
                    </f:facet> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>Q</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Quadrupole</p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>QS</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Skew Quadrupole</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>S</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Sextupole</p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>H</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Horizontal Steering Corrector</p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>V</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Vertical Steering Corrector</p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>M</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Dipole</p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>P</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Position Monitor</p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>ID</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Insertion Device Source</p:column>  
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>BM</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Bending Magnet Source</p:column>  
                    </p:row>
                </p:panelGrid>
                <p:panel style="border: none; text-align: center; " >
                    <p:graphicImage value="resources/images/apsu5-format.png"  style="width: 40%;"/>    
                </p:panel>
            </p:tab>
            <p:tab title="Girder Nomenclature">
                <h4 class="heading">Table 1: Girder SnA:DLM</h4>
                <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left; align: center;">  
                    <f:facet name="header">  
                        <p:row>  
                            <p:column>Magnets</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Magnet Instrumentation</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Chambers</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Discrete Absorbers</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Diagnostics</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Copper Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Aluminum Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                        </p:row>  
                    </f:facet> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q1</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC1</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:CA1</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:GV1</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:P0 (?)</p:column>
                        <p:column>N/A</p:column>
                        <p:column>N/A</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q2</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC2</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:EA1</p:column>
                        <p:column>Ion pump</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:P1</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:M1</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC3</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Gage tree</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:P2</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q3</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC4</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Ion pump</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:P3</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:S1</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC5</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Gage tree</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:P4</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q4</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC6</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:S2</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC7</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q5</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC8</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:S3</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC9</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q6</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC10</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Photon Extraction</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                </p:panelGrid>
                <h4 class="heading">Table 2: Girder SnA:M2 Dipole</h4>
                <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left; align: center;">  
                    <f:facet name="header">  
                        <p:row>  
                            <p:column>Magnets</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Magnet Instrumentation</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Chambers</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Discrete Absorbers</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Diagnostics</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Copper Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Aluminum Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                        </p:row>  
                    </f:facet> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:M2</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC11</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:EA2</p:column>
                        <p:column>N/A</p:column>
                        <p:column>N/A</p:column>
                        <p:column>N/A</p:column>
                        <p:column>N/A</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                </p:panelGrid>
                <h4 class="heading">Table 3: Girder Sn:FODO</h4>
                <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left; align: center;">  
                    <f:facet name="header">  
                        <p:row>  
                            <p:column>Magnets</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Magnet Instrumentation</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Chambers</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Discrete Absorbers</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Diagnostics</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Copper Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Aluminum Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                        </p:row>  
                    </f:facet> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q7</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC12</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>A:GV2</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:P5</p:column>
                        <p:column>Flow Switch</p:column>
                        <p:column>Flow Switch</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:M3</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC13</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>A:GV2</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:P6</p:column>
                        <p:column>Flow Switch</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:Q8</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC14</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Ion pump</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:P6</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:M4</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC14</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Gage tree</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:P5</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:Q8</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC11</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>M:M3</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC10</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column rowspan="3">B:Q7</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="3">TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC17</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="3"></p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="3"></p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="3"></p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="3"></p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="3"></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:VC18</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>A:VC19</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                </p:panelGrid>
                <h4 class="heading">Table 4: Girder SnB:M2 Dipole</h4>
                <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left; align: center;">  
                    <f:facet name="header">  
                        <p:row>  
                            <p:column>Magnets</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Magnet Instrumentation</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Chambers</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Discrete Absorbers</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Diagnostics</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Copper Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Aluminum Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                        </p:row>  
                    </f:facet> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column rowspan="2">B:M2</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="2">TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="2">B:VC9</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:CA1</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="2">N/A</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="2">N/A</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="2">N/A</p:column>
                        <p:column rowspan="2">N/A</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:EA2</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                </p:panelGrid>
                <h4 class="heading">Table 5: Girder SnB:DLM</h4>
                <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left; align: center;">  
                    <f:facet name="header">  
                        <p:row>  
                            <p:column>Magnets</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Magnet Instrumentation</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Chambers</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Discrete Absorbers</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Vacuum Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Diagnostics</p:column> 
                            <p:column>Copper Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                            <p:column>Aluminum Water Instrumentation</p:column>  
                        </p:row>  
                    </f:facet> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:Q1</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC1</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:EA1</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:GV1</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:P0 (?)</p:column>
                        <p:column>Flow Switch</p:column>
                        <p:column>Flow Switch</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:Q2</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC2</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Ion pump</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:P1</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Flow Switch</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:M1</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC3</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Gage tree</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:P2</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Flow Switch</p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:Q3</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC4</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Ion pump</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:P3</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:S1</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC5</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column>Gage tree</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:P4</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:Q4</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC6</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:S2</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC7</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:Q5</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>B:VC8</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:S3</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC12</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                    <p:row> 
                        <p:column>B:Q6</p:column>
                        <p:column>TC and Klixon</p:column>
                        <p:column>A:VC10</p:column>
                        <p:column>Photon Extraction</p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                        <p:column></p:column>
                    </p:row> 
                </p:panelGrid>
            </p:tab>
        </p:tabView>
        
        <h2 class="heading">Examples</h2>
     
<!--        <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left">  
            <f:facet name="header">                  
                <p:row>  
                    <p:column>Description</p:column>  
                    <p:column>Name</p:column> 
                    <p:column >Comment</p:column>
                </p:row>  
            </f:facet>  
            <p:row>                   
                <p:column colspan="3">
                    For devices along the beamline, the device number is the distance along the beam line in decimeters. 
                    Some devices may span all the Front end subsystems and therefore will appear as generic "Front end" devices.
                </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">   Examples:  </p:column>
                <p:column>FE:CHLR_N0002 </p:column> 
                <p:column>Front End; Chiller 2</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_CTL:IOC_N0001 </p:column>
                <p:column>Front End; IOC 1</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>
                    Most devices are associated with particular subsystems, and follow the general guidelines.
                    Example for a LEBT beamline device:</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:QVE_D0784 </p:column>
                <p:column> LEBT Electrostatic vertical quadrupole</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Read the current of a FC:</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0123:I_RD </p:column>
                <p:column></p:column>
            </p:row> <p:row>
                <p:column> Set the bias voltage (secondary electron suppression) on the same FC: </p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:ELC_D0123:V_CSET</p:column><p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>or, addressing the PS directly):</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PS_D0123:V_CSET</p:column><p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">Put a diagnostic in the beam or take it out (fails out):</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:IN_CMD </p:column><p:column> with value 1 (in)</p:column> 
            </p:row> <p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:IN_CMD </p:column><p:column> with value 0 (out)</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column  rowspan="2">Read if IN (or OUT) CMD on a diagnostic was accepted:</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:IN_CSTS</p:column><p:column> value 1=in, value 0=out </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:OUT_CSTS</p:column><p:column> value 1=out, value 0=in </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Read actual diagnostics status (IN or OUT):</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:IN_RSTS</p:column><p:column> value 1=in, value 0=out</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Read diagnostic fault status (conflicting status):</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:FLT_RSTS</p:column><p:column> value 1=in, value 0=out</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">Read diagnostic individual limit status:</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:LMIN_RSTS</p:column> <p:column>value 1=Limit Switch Closed, value 0=open</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FC_D0912:LLMOUT_RSTS</p:column> <p:column>value 1=Limit Switch Closed, value 0=open</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Racks on the HV platforms are allowed to follow the following naming scheme:</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_SRC1:CAB_N0001 and FE_SRC2:CAB_N0001</p:column>
                <p:column>whereas FE racks outside the HV platforms and cages will carry the C6FE_ designation.</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column colspan="3">Examples of signals associated with various devices on Front End:</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="6">Analog Flow Meter</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FE_D1001:F_RD </p:column><p:column>Analog Flow Readback</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FE_D1001:LLIM_CSET </p:column><p:column>software Lower Limit Setpoint</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FE_D1001:LLIM_RSET </p:column><p:column>Software Lower Limit Readback</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FE_D1001:LLOK_RSTS_F </p:column><p:column>digital State of software limit</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FE_D1001:LLLT_RSTS_F </p:column><p:column>digital Latch of software Limit</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FE_D1001:OK_RSTS </p:column><p:column>status of digital flow switch in analog meter </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">Flow Switch</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FS_D1001:OK_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital flow switch status ok </p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:FS_D1001:LTCH_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital flow switch Latched Bad</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="6">Target Ladder (stack of pneumatic cylinders with multiple devices or targets mounted)</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:TL_D1001:POS_CSET </p:column><p:column>integer, number position setpoint (1 through x)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:TL_D1001:POS_RSET </p:column><p:column>readback of Set position (integer)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:TL_D1001:POS_RD </p:column><p:column>numerical position readback (either potentiometer, or position)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:TL_D1001:FLT_RSTS </p:column><p:column>set vs read error</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:TL_D1001:POS_DESC_1 </p:column><p:column>String describing what is at position 1 “Out”</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:TL_D1001:POS_DESC_2 </p:column><p:column>String describing what is at position 2 “Wedge”</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="3">Pneumatic Actuator (May make up Target Ladder stack above)</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PAC1_D1001:IN_CMD </p:column><p:column>digital in CMD</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PAC1_D1001:LMIN_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, IN limit sw engaged on 1st pneumatic actuator</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PAC2_D1001:LMOUT_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, OUT limit sw engaged on 2nd pneumatic actuator</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="10">Pirani Gauge</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:VP_RD </p:column><p:column>Vacuum Pressure Readback</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:V_RD </p:column><p:column>Voltage Readback</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:OK_RSTS_VP </p:column><p:column>Vacuum digital trippoint OK</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:OK_RSTS_VP2 </p:column><p:column>2nd Vacuum digital trippoint OK</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:LLIM_CSET</p:column> <p:column>software Lower Limit Setpoint (Vacuum Pressure)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:LLIM_CSET_UNSC </p:column><p:column>software Lower Limit Setpoint (Raw Voltage)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:LLOK_RSTS_VP </p:column><p:column>digital state of software lower Limit OK (Vacuum Pressure)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:LLOK_RSTS_UNSC</p:column> <p:column>digital state of software lower Limit OK (Unscaled OK)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:OK_RSTS_VP </p:column><p:column>digital state of software lower Limit OK (VP OK)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:PG_D1001:FLT_RSTS</p:column> <p:column>Fault, Bad voltage reading </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row> 
                <p:column rowspan="10">Device Drive (45 Degree Slit, motorized drive)</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:DD_D1001:LMPOS_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital Positive Limit switch engaged</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:DD_D1001:LMNEG_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, Negative Limit Switch engaged</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:DD_D1001:ENPOS_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, Positive travel Enable</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:DD_D1001:ENNEG_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, Negative travel Enable</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:DD_D1001:POS_RD </p:column><p:column>analog position readback</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:DD_D1001:POS_CSET </p:column><p:column>analog command setpoint Slit Horizontal</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLH_D1001:POS_RD </p:column><p:column>analog position of center of slit readback</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLH_D1001:POS_CSET </p:column><p:column>analog position of center of slit setpoint</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLH_D1001:GAP_RD </p:column><p:column>analog position of gap of slit readback</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLH_D1001:GAP_CSET </p:column><p:column>analog position of gap of slit setpoint</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="6">Slit Left Drive (sub assembly of horizontal slits, user usually monitors SLH channels)</p:column>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLL_D1001:LMPOS_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital Positive Limit switch engaged</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLL_D1001:LMNEG_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, Negative Limit Switch engaged</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLL_D1001:ENPOS_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, Positive travel Enable</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLL_D1001:ENNEG_RSTS </p:column><p:column>digital, Negative travel Enable</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLL_D1001:POS_RD </p:column><p:column>analog position readback</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>FE_LEBT:SLL_D1001:POS_CSET </p:column><p:column>analog command setpoint</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column colspan="3">
                    For devices along the beamline, the device number is the distance along the beam line in decimeters. 
                    Cryomodules are numbered sequentially by type (CA01, CA02…; CB01, CB02 …). Currently, there are 7 
                    production types in FRIB, ranging from A to G.
                    The warm sections following the accelerating cryomodules follow the cryomodules numbering (WA01, 
                    WA02…; WB01, WB02…). So CA01 is followed by WA01.
                    Cavities, solenoids and phase detectors are numbered sequentially within a cryomodule (CAV1, CAV2, 
                    CAV3, …; SOL1, SOL2,…; PHD1, PHD2, ….). The input gate valve will be GV1, the output gate valve GV2
                    Beam Loss Monitors (BLM) go with the cryomodule or beam line name. </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>In any case, the number behind the qualifier in the device name will uniquely define this BLM.</p:column>
                <p:column>MPS_CA01:BLM and MPS_BBS:BLM</p:column>
                <p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column colspan="3">Examples for setting a cavity voltage: </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Set the voltage in the first cavity of the first cryomodule in Linac Segment 1:</p:column>
                <p:column>LS1_CA01:CAV1_D1093:V_CSET </p:column><p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>   
                <p:column>This same voltage may be set by addressing the LLRF via the name: </p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB _LLRF:CAV1_D1093:V_CSET </p:column><p:column>(both will point to the same hardware address).</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>A loop gain for this same LLRF system may be read by the rf specialist using:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB _LLRF:CAV1_D1093:G_RD</p:column><p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Set the current of the solenoid in the eleventh cryomodule in Linac Segment 3: </p:column>
                <p:column>LS3_CD11:SOL1_D4712:I_CSET </p:column><p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>This same current may be set by addressing the PS via the name:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:I_CSET </p:column><p:column>(both will point to the same hardware address).</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">Examples of commands:Switching a PS ON or OFF:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:ON_CMD </p:column><p:column>with value 1 (on)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:ON_CMD </p:column><p:column>with value 0 (off)</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Reset a PS:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:RST_CMD</p:column><p:column> with value 1</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Open or close a gate valve GV:</p:column>
                <p:column>LS1_CB06:GV1_D1586:OPN_CMD </p:column><p:column>with value 1 (open)</p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>LS1_CB06:GV1_D1586:OPN_CMD </p:column><p:column>with value 0 (close)</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column colspan="3">Examples of reading status:</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Read if ON (or OFF) CMD on a PS got accepted:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:ON_CSTS, </p:column><p:column>value 1=on, value 0=off </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Read actual PS status (ON or OFF):</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:ON_RSTS, </p:column><p:column>value 1=on, value 0=off</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Read if open (or close) CMD on a GV got accepted:</p:column>
                <p:column>LS1_CB06:GV1_D1586:OPN_CSTS,</p:column><p:column> value 1=open, value 0=close </p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Read actual GV status (opened or closed):</p:column>
                <p:column>LS1_CB06:GV1_D1586:OPN_RSTS, </p:column><p:column>value 1=opened, value 0=closed</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Reading a complete status word, containing multiple status bits:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:MS_RD</p:column>
                <p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Setting multiple control bits simultaneously:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS: PSOL_D4712:MC_CSET</p:column>
                <p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>An example of the usage of CM (cryomodule) device name is the case whereby several signals from a 
                    cryomodule go to an IOC, which then creates one single interlock based on these signals (i.e. from the 
                    outside this is interlock is seen as one pertaining to the entire cryomodules):</p:column>
                <p:column>LS1_CA01:CM_D1105:ILK_RSTS</p:column>
                <p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column colspan="3">
                    Production target related devices will be named with FS_PTG as a system and sub-system name. Other 
                    devices in target systems, such as remote handling related ones, will use TGT as a system name.
                </p:column>
            </p:row> <p:row>
                <p:column colspan="3">
                    Equipment and associated “Tag Names” should be named according to IEEE 803, IEEE Recommended 
                    Practice for Unique Identification in Power Plants and Related Facilities, which references the Instrument 
                    Society of America (ISA) Standard S5.1
                    (“Instrumentation Symbols and Identification”). 
                    Instance numbering for signals (loops) should be as follows:
                    <ul>
                        <li>Power, communication &amp; control systems: 0000 - 1999</li>
                        <li>HVAC systems: 2000 - 3999</li>
                        <li>Water systems: 4000 - 5999</li>
                        <li>Gas systems: 6000 - 7999</li>
                        <li>Waste systems: 8000 – 9999</li>
                        <li>Cryo systems: 10000 – 99999</li>
                    </ul>
                </p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="5">Examples of how cabinets/racks are to be named are given below:</p:column>
                <p:column>C6SB_LLRF:CAB_N0001</p:column><p:column></p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>C6SB_HPRF:CAB_N0001</p:column><p:column></p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>C6SB_PS:CAB_N0001</p:column><p:column></p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>C6SB_VAC:CAB_N0001</p:column><p:column></p:column></p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>C6SB_DIAG:CAB_N0001</p:column><p:column></p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column colspan="3">In general, instruments will be named according to Instrument Society of America Standard S5.1 
                    “Instrumentation Symbols and Identification”. Per this standard, instrument names will be instantiated by 
                    loop numbers that are picked from blocks of
                    numbers assigned to each subsystem of the Helium refrigeration system. Cryoline naming example:</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>Compressor 1 Pressure Reading</p:column>
                <p:column>C6C4_MCS1:PT_C21101:P_RD</p:column>
                <p:column></p:column>       
            </p:row><p:row>
                <p:column>
                    An example of accessing properties of an IOC used by accelerator controls. This would allow one to read the IP address of this particular IOC</p:column>
                <p:column>ACS_LIN:IOC_N4567:PROP_RD_IP</p:column>
                <p:column></p:column>
            </p:row>
        </p:panelGrid>-->
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
